TINY-8578: Newlines for more than one empty line. (#7744)
tinymce/tinymce: modules/tinymce/CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

### Changed

> - Calling `tinymce.getContent({format: 'text'})` now returns newlines instead of empty string if more than one paragraph exists #TINY-8578

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Getting the text content of the editor now returns newlines instead of an empty string if more than one empty paragraph exists #TINY-8578
```
